from what high school musical wanted to
were TV movies I think that they were
grateful I loved but I we did have more
resources this time around so we just
had more opportunities to give the fans
what they want that's lots of music lots
of comedy and that's a good relationship
so we're gearing up for that confusable
three oppressed or they're always
exciting I've never seen more excited
fans you know and it's always fun to
actually get to go to the different
countries will be in everybody and here
we love you in various talents after
doing seventeen vien orson welles
coming back to the center high school
musical for me was fun it felt like I
call the kind of a vacation and it
suddenly went from being the only kid to
be us and so it's a very comfortable
we're a very close-knit group so it was
kind of our high school experience to be
honest we we did a lot of things
together we've been through all together
since day one so it's tough these are
some good friends that you don't
necessarily know if you'll be working
with filming seventeen was really fun
because it was the first time that I had
literally know
relation to my character yeah I haven't
been through the life experiences of a
$35 man I haven't had kids and a wife so
there's a lot of feelings that I never
felt before in this movie and it was
exciting to try and get in that
headspace and I had some the director of
verse tears he just tried to give you
things that I could relate to made sense
so it was definitely a interesting
remember that probably I always take it
easy it's 21 yeah it's it's kind of an
occasion